in the dry canyons of serra da capivara
all the Capuchin czar feeling the heat
for this female Capuchin things have
become even more urgent she has come
into East hrus she must mate in the next
four days if she wants to have a baby
she is now so obsessed that she's barely
eating or even drinking that's got to be
tough in this heat
[Music]
for the troupe's youngest member just
finding food is a struggle even the
adults find it hard but these monkeys
aren't after food they're after minerals
and they get those by licking or even
inhaling this dust no one knows why they
do it but this group are probably the
smartest monkeys in the world and they
may be using this for medicinal purposes
quite how they learn to do this is a
mystery but Capucines learn by example
one monkey starts and soon they're all
doing it but despite their obvious
intelligence this male seems incapable
of taking a hint males of most species
rarely need to be asked more than once
but no matter what she tries
she just can't get his attention
she has just days to change his mind
you